dancing the foxtrot jelly white and his
partner Kim Johnson
someday when the world
nice
just the way
I feel like I was watching white knights
I love the way you got into hold and
then just seamless out of hold them back
in is an elegance it had sophistication
but let me also say without doubt this
is the best first show
I'm telling you I poured and was
watching the gray Gregory Hines and as
compliments it couldn't get better this
show has been fantastic
the special dish sugar round and not
Lakers
you see all of our stars - again
to find out who'd be the first to exit
the ballroom Brooke
that was just the perfect way to end a
great night now you've had to sit up
here with me and watch everybody else
dance before you how difficult was it to
go last that was hard
everybody was so great I mean really
everybody overachieved people hold him
back how does that compare for a first
dance um that was amazing it really was
yeah first dance Sam to be so smooth and
grace on the dance floor was like oh but
he's worked really really hard to get it
to that point all right let's get your
scores good luck ladies and gentlemen
the judges have their scores Carrie Ann
Inaba
Bruno Tongo
that's a nice score
I'm overwhelmed right now honestly I
feel like somebody just shot me up with
something like forever they want me to
decide to do this show my mother my
mother wait till you see the playback
and you see the shot of your mom's face
tonight you're gonna love it
got a couple you're gonna love it all
right everyone they want your votes
tonight as do all of our stars because
next Tuesday night somebody will be
eliminated to see all of the numbers
again here is a recap of tonight's